Guide basics2 (#1768)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/guide-basics.rst

     [0.60111501 0.70807258 0.02058449 0.96990985]
     [0.83244264 0.21233911 0.18182497 0.18340451]]

> Notice how both the dims and shape change according to the input data.  Although dims and shape appear to be the same, 
> dims keep track of the shapes for individual components of a multipartite system, while shape does not. See the section 
> on :ref:`tensor products and partial traces <tensor>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how both ``dims`` and ``shape`` change according to the input data.  Although ``dims`` and ``shape`` appear to be the same, 
``dims`` keeps track of the shapes for individual components of a multipartite system, while ``shape`` does not. We refer the reader to  section :ref:`tensor products and partial traces <tensor>` for more information.
```
I surrounded attributes with `` but im not sure that is the preferred way. What do you think @hodgestar ?

States and operators
---------------------

> Manually specifying the data for each quantum object is inefficient, since most objects correspond to commonly used types such as the ladder operators of a harmonic oscillator, the Pauli spin operators for a two-level system, or state vectors such as Fock states. Therefore, QuTiP includes predefined objects for a variety of states and operators:

Reviewer: I think it was a little bit more clear before. Currently it suggests that states and operators are in the same table but they are not.

   >>> q.shape
   (4, 4)

> In general, the attributes (properties) of a ``Qobj`` object (or any Python class) can be retrieved using the `Q.attribute` notation.  In addition to the attributes shown with the ``print`` function, the ``Qobj`` class also has the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the attributes (properties) of a ``Qobj`` object (or any Python object) can be retrieved using the `Q.attribute` notation.  In addition to those shown with the ``print`` function, an instance of ``Qobj`` also has the following attributes:
```

    TypeError: Incompatible Qobj shapes

> The logic operators "is equal" `==` and "is not equal" `!=` are also supported.

Reviewer: I would say that "In addition, " adds continuity to the text so I would leave it as it was.

    TypeError: Incompatible Qobj shapes

> In additon, the logic operators "is equal" `==` and "is not equal" `!=` are also supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, the logic operators "is equal" `==` and "is not equal" `!=` are also supported.
```
